copenhagen/sund roads traversal

Transient one off events

are there any other notes?

game of risk that changes on the beat

brutalist structure that builds up randomly to infinity

paper cut-out tibetan gods that move their hands and swap faces

dirty, stained mask: blood, coffee, dirt

browser
-- communicate via websockets
-- communicate via local storage

key/value text pairs

make my own mix
- ten and tracer
- nagz
- chronkite
- andrew pekler
- i am robot and proud
- william fields
- electric company
- forrest fang


make timelapse video

email aya, nicole, johnny, 3am devices
email ryan about motion control, advice


I know the direction I'm headed in.

live
unique
full custom
original audio/visual jam session sessions
probably around 3 hours

i can start with one song
then two songs
then three songs
i like live
why not use it

what was the main problem? i got bored. i did the first two hours without even being aware of the time, but then i looked down at 11pm with three more hours to go and just lost my will to live. i need stuff to do, stuff to keep me occupied, and enough material to keep mixing it up throughout the gig.

- some kind of live coding. that always makes me happy and would let me fool around once i get bored. shader coding is probably the way to go, just so i don't need to worry about introducing performance problems. 2d fragment shaders, fragment shaders that get plastered onto 3d objects, particle system step functions

- a few really polished modes that i can just let go.

- a few modes that will work with just simple interaction. i feel like the buffer was the stand-out this time. just putting a mask over it or putting it in the middle of the 3d scene and resetting/reorienting to the beat really make it work and felt fresh even going for 5+ minutes.

- a more expressive interface. something like drag and drop nodes into stacks and cross-fading, etc, would probably be better

- also keep in mind that the really really simple stuff worked the best. big mask shapes, stepping through the sizes.

- something that helps me better organize how much time to spend on what. the timer was indispensable, but i think i could do better.

i would like to be able to trigger a major transition:
- whenever the song makes a significant shift
- whenever the song changes
- whenever the dj changes

try making a random ass dj mix
or a really simple song in live
- bouncy 4/4 base, slightly off tempo double beat
- dead simple beat, just use the drum patterns from the book
- retarded simple chords, rip something from somewhere


what stops it from just being pretty pixels on a screen? the timescales:
- individual samples
- waveform
- eq
- beats
- song progression

just gifs

some way of involving partiers
- pick a color
- draw a shape

just giant skull that steps through color scheme ever 5 minutes
SKULL OF AUTOPILOT

scrolling waveform

1/2, 1/4, 1/8, 1/16, 1/32, 1/64 measures

play wipeout

if I make a mix in ableton I can create a perfect hour. a scary, complex, surprising, in time, live hour.

reverse camera direction button
v2
  beat always goes, but can link it with patterns and other effects on the fly
  distortion effects
    screen bounces with the beat
  zoom out from the earth to space continuously
  add delay adjustment
  jellyfish
  grid of squares, beat progresses from square to square
  all modes are visible in all the squares
  blood spattering
  glass shattering
  giant head
    max headroom
    tong-nou
    nods to the beat
    mouth moves to the beat
    mouth actually moves to the audio
  follow roads randomly around a map
  something that progresses automatically over the course of minutes
  masks with complex blending
  additive blending
  lots of abstract art
  something weird and still to start
  zine look
  Text progression mode
  better interface, stack oriented
  real compositing and alpha blending
  5 minutes of music-video like coordination
  better post-processing
    crazy dithering
    static
  video overlays
  reactivity at all levels
  better beat event input
  easier integration of new modes
  keep everything on the upper wall
  but put something on the left wall
  - what about the interface? or the code?
  two hours of auto-pilot, and then 3 hours of performance?
  when are there the most people on the dance floor?


glyph + ex mask
zoom way way out from circle/square/x for float imprecision artifacts
switch between circle and square
go get a drink, go to the bathroom, dance a little bit
jack the gain way up and down on the wave/freq visualizations
go chill in space for a while
mix field/dotsphere/nebula/spirals, especially while out of view
manually control the camera while resetting position
fly around spirals
count 4/4, 16 in binary
rock the buffer
CTRL-T for finale
EXPLORE


flames shooting up from the DJ
four boxes, highlight rotates on the beat
a bunch of exclaimation marks
every mode previewed in a box, 64 boxes
huge words, either flash by on the beat
1/2/3/4 flashing by
phrase flashing by
dual interference pattern from two corners
huge face kilroy style
left to right vertical split shifting
(remember to doodle a little)
have one transition per song in the entire set
how do i let the camera support an arbitrary number of layers?
live audio effects pipeline, smoothing, "pump", gain, etc.
one-off event scheduling

keep the visuals just off everyone on the dance floor

completely random DJ sets

i could also share the load with other visualists
- ryan
- carr
- brandon liu
- sabina


beat triggered events
visual stacks
audio processing effects
prototype mouse/keyboard driven interface, then switch to either cintiq, touchscreen, or tablet. audience gets multiple views:

foot controllers:
krigg
jsb
fragpedal
softstep

- main view
- touch screen composition mode
- code and live coding preview
- everything is linux or freebsd + xmonad for maximum configurability
- easy to boot from a CD in case anything goes wrong

touchscreen interface has slots which represent beat actions:
music is usually 4/4, so their are multiple tiers of slots
1  - every beat
4  - every 4th beat
16 - every 16th beat
for a total of 21 slots. any number of actions can be dragged into each slot
some way of resetting "1st" beat
possible slot events - invert, zoom out, zoom in, change mode, change mask
"backward" mode - go backward through previous modes
schedule the next big change, but trigger it manually

set up next stack and next 

some kind of energy slider

what happens if the dj plays something with a weird? use every beat only events, some way of changing to a different time signature, reset to first beat early


right now the goal that i have in mind
is a fully live, custom performance

giant mother fucking eye looking at everyone
